the threat from the air strikes fear
into those fleeing regardless of
age nothing living left undisturbed even
donkeys dead by the
roadside Hussein aleri Works to relieve
the pain of one injured relative but
says many others may be Beyond
hope our cousin's house was behind ours
the house and the children are gone I
don't know who's still alive and who's
passed away may God help us
the men who try to help emergency
service workers must now mourn
too an injured colleague now a corpse
yet another source of
grief the strike took place right next
to the site there are casualties amongst
our boys who are inside the post we are
outside patients rushed in for triage
then
treatment
teenagers and toddlers alike laid out on
the floor suffering lifethreatening
trauma the director of Northern gaza's
last government run Hospital says fuel
staff and Medicine remain in short
supply despite the 7-Day
ceasefire for those that fled South to
KH Unice Hospital arrivals are no less
hectic among the patients delivered at
speed a tiny baby 2-month-old Ibrahim
born the second day of this war without
any protection from pounding
Weaponry we left the North and came here
to the South just like they asked but
this is what we found in the South what
can we
do amid the medical Mayhem a heart
monitor in Flatline and small white
shroud signals that some babies do lose
this battle for Life vill marks Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer